it is the third day of worlds groups
with covers presented by mobile it
exciting right now by max lair from
misfits I don't need a translator
because he actually won that's great he
did insist on wearing my jacket before
the start of this interview though so
and unsign it's not accurate I was
warned about you also this is a nice
jacket don't sign it that's pretty nice
actually only North American players can
sign that actually it's is that thing
yeah unfortunately that's a thing either
way so a lot of people counted misfits
out before this and yet you guys or
--use first victory on the third day
here does that feel redeeming or is that
good or we just like oh whatever we
always knew we're gonna be fine I think
it's good for us because I think if we
were owed to morale would have been
worse and it'll be harder to get into
quarters of course cuz you know that's
how it works so it's good that we won
and we're not gonna like we're happy we
won but I think I feel personally that
we closed the game way too slowly so we
need to work on that maybe it was like
get is still just a bit left over from
WV or maybe we just suck but we'll have
to see in the review what do you think
your chances are making up two quarters
fifty-fifty just good odds that's good
at Worlds when you're playing it so the
top teams it's pretty good odds now what
about the rest of the European region
how confident do you feel on any of
their ability to to perform or succeed
well I felt like they would do better
but fnatic and you too however well
fnatic we're doing finance there but
then they just like there was just one
mistake and 50 minutes and that's what
happens I definitely expected GT to do
better hopefully
today they show up and continue to show
up so I think it's the same chance for
them all right so all of you if you guys
all have 50/50 then one of you should be
able to make it out at least that's
pretty good odds unless we're really
unlucky yes yeah which Europe has been
known to be a little unlucky at times
yeah I mean we lost the revival so I was
pretty unlucky I don't know if that was
luck I think if you go back and look I
actually predicted that result but
either way let's talk about China so I
know sometimes
hard for the North American players to
like it used to China because a little
different how are you and you know your
European brethren dealing with it China
yeah the food is like it's really hard
if you're on a low-carb diet to survive
here because they really love like
noodles ramen something that has you
know carbs in it I guess it's fine for
your taste buds the food's great yeah
here is fine I heard in Beijing will be
like worse the fans are actually really
like exciting and different from what
I'm used to so I think everyone's like
like integrating pretty well how about
the matter how do you feel about the
matter because as much as people are
maybe not comfortable with China a lot
of people are frustrated with the matter
I feel like yeah I mean it's it's pretty
boring yeah sometimes it can be fun for
jungle when you play like Ezreal or
Kazakhs in some situations or other
champions which our name that people
haven't played or whatever
but for most of time if you want to go
for like a standard non risky kind of
comp you just pick R don't pick tank
jungle play the game out and whoever
wins wins yeah lucky ad carry lucky
about doing stuff like this wins so how
do you help me reconcile that because I
know that the players say that it's very
boring but then right it is like these
are games ever you know like there's a
rate of thread yesterday talking about
how the games were so good and so
exciting so what do you think it is
about this boring meta that's allowing
for at least from a spectator
perspective exciting games maybe because
it's more close even though you might
have a gold lead if you miss play a team
fight against this in this Ardant matter
if you ever commit then the enemy team
can make a comeback because of how
strong the ideas even though if that
even if the 2k behind right like if you
pick a tanks support into a ardent
support if you don't have like a 4k
goalie to twenty minutes you messed up
somewhere because the ardent is gonna be
more superior in teamfights and to get
priority so I guess that's why you can
see it is more just better and also it's
not like the beginning of 2017 where
everyone was complaining about I do
carry sucks you know and then now all
the ad carries are really quiet because
they got there they wanted to maybe a
bit too much
you know I'm gonna complain as a jungler
you know what bring back carries okay
bring back Lee yeah
all right final question and doing a
little bit of research before this
interview I discovered that you have a
love for chicken nuggets and I am
curious you know not only do you love
chicken nuggets you mentioned that Korea
had very you know on Twitter great deals
on chicken nuggets you were looking for
lck teams to pick you up which is a bold
maneuver before you go to worlds with
your team but they understand do you
have that in your claws that you can
actually look for teams in any region
that has good chicken nuggets yes I do
actually can you edit that pile I'm not
allowed to say that you're not allowed
to say that you have it in your contract
yes that's true yeah you know I can't
make promises or yeah it's it's I'll
just see you it's great this is going so
well have you had a chance of sampling
and chicken nuggets in China no okay
because every day I don't know it's so
weird cuz every game day there's like a
buffet here right and in the morning at
the hotel there's a buffet and then in
the evening there's also a buffet there
are no chicken nuggets but I do love my
buffets so every day three meals a day
buffet but some reason I'm still hungry
I don't know why I know League of
Legends bands just way too many calories
anything you wanna say to any of the
fans I like to say something to my dad
because I've lost my phone and so I
can't go into it or Skype or Facebook or
anything like that so if my dad sees
this hi I'm alive
I'm doing well playing League of Legends
here just won a game and yeah I tried to
buy a new phone to contact you and to
anyone else supporting me thank you and
I can't see my C's on Twitter and if
your dad does see this he should
definitely like and subscribe to the
channel yeah I think I agree yeah check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel well who knows how the West is
going to do this year at Worlds but one
thing's for sure we definitely need more
talent and you could become that talent
by getting better at legal legends all
you have to do is go to mobile it except
GG / Travis they'll help you figure out
your personal strengths that we assist
you can level up and you can help North
America and Europe conquer worlds in the
future